Show working copy links based on backend actions (#6393)
plone/volto: docs/source/configuration/workingcopy.md

# Working copy support

> Volto provides support for Plone's Working Copy feature. You need to install the `plone.app.iterate` add-on in your Plone site. You can do that in Plone's Add-ons control panel or using the `GenericSetup` facility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Volto supports Plone's working copy feature.
To enable it, you need to install the add-on `plone.app.iterate` in your Plone site.
You can do that either in Plone's {guilabel}`Add-ons` control panel or using the `GenericSetup` facility.
```

- Work on the working copy
- "Check in" the working copy by applying the changes into the original (baseline) object
- Cancel the working copy if required

## Volto configuration

> ```{deprecated} Volto 18.8.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```{versionremoved} Volto 18.8.0
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This setting is no longer used.
```

> If you have an older version of volto, you also need to enable working copy support in Volto's configuration object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an older version of Volto, you also need to enable working copy support in Volto's configuration object as follows.
```
